- adds a comment to prompt people to verify settings are enabled in v… (#9277)
github/docs: content/codespaces/managing-your-codespaces/managing-gpg-verification-for-codespaces.md

  ![Radio buttons to manage GPG verification](/assets/images/help/settings/codespaces-gpg-verification-radio-buttons.png) 
1. If you chose "Selected repositories", select the drop-down menu, then click a repository you want enable GPG verification for. Repeat for all repositories you want to enable GPG verification for.
  !["Selected repositories" drop-down menu](/assets/images/help/settings/codespaces-gpg-verification-repository-drop-down.png) 

{% note %}

> **Note:** Once you have enabled this setting, ensure the "Git: Always Sign Off" and "Git: Enable Commit Signing" are enabled from the Visual Studio Code interface.

Reviewer: I've updated the wording to explain what this option does. I'm not sure this is the best place for this note to be. Perhaps it would be better under line 22 "Once you enable GPG verification, it will immediately take effect for all your codespaces."

I'm also not sure if "Git: Always Sign Off" is necessary unless the particular project you are working with needs it and therefore is not something that needs to be documented here.

```suggestion
**Note:** Once you have enabled GPG verification for {% data variables.product.prodname_codespaces %}, you also must append `-s` to each commit in order for it to be signed. To do this in {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode %}, ensure the "Git: Enable Commit Signing" option is enabled from the Settings.
```

  ![Radio buttons to manage GPG verification](/assets/images/help/settings/codespaces-gpg-verification-radio-buttons.png) 
1. If you chose "Selected repositories", select the drop-down menu, then click a repository you want enable GPG verification for. Repeat for all repositories you want to enable GPG verification for.
  !["Selected repositories" drop-down menu](/assets/images/help/settings/codespaces-gpg-verification-repository-drop-down.png) 

> > Note: once you have enabled this setting, ensure the "Git: Always Sign Off" and "Git: Enable Commit Signing" are enabled from the Visual Studio Code interface.

Author: ```suggestion
**Note:** once you have enabled this setting, ensure the "Git: Always Sign Off" and "Git: Enable Commit Signing" are enabled from the Visual Studio Code interface.
```

Author: @ramyaparimi Thanks for the feedback, Like this?

Reviewer 2: @baywet Like this :) Please checkout [callout-tags](https://github.com/github/docs/blob/main/contributing/content-markup-reference.md#callout-tags) for more information 🐬
